fix(docs): issues fixed (#582)
emqx/cloud-docs: en_US/faq/normal_b.md

| MQTT UNSUBACK | Unsubscribe Acknowledgment |
| MQTT PINGREQ | PING Request |
| MQTT PINGRESP | PING Response |
| MQTT DISCONNECT | Client is Disconnecting |

> ## Why do traffic statistics vary?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Why are there discrepancies in traffic statistics?
```

> If there is a difference between the traffic statistics in the deployment overview and the calculated sum of the message packages in the metrics, it is mainly because the message packages in the metrics only count the client message publishing, connecting, and subscribing traffic of the application layer of the MQTT protocol (which includes mqtt and ws), and it will not count the traffic generated by the Data Integration, as well as the traffic generated by the TLS processing, TCP layer, and so on. The traffic generated by TLS and Data Integration makes a big difference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there are discrepancies between the traffic statistics in the deployment overview and the total message package traffic calculated in metrics, it is mainly because the message package traffic statistics only account for MQTT protocol (including MQTT and WS) application layer client message publishing, connections, and subscription traffic. They do not include traffic generated by data integration, TLS processing, or the TCP layer. Therefore, the significant difference is caused by the traffic generated from TLS and data integration.
```
